Welcome back I wanted to show you some quick commands that haven't had the time to go over in the last
video.
For example if I want to exit out of here I need to also bring down the containers and the way I can
do that is by running docker compose and instead of up we simply run down.
And that's going to remove our containers if I ran Daker compose up now
we see that it's running because we've already built it.
However we still need to call up in order to have access to.
There's also another command the docker compose and then the run which we've talked about smart brain
API which all run the container.
But we can also say instead of run we can use doc or compose exec for execute and now we execute with
the bash command that is we want to enter the bash of smart brain API.
And I see that there's no container because I haven't run it yet.
So let's run it in the background so we can do it from this terminal.
Again Iran Dr. compose up doing Dharker compose up with Dashti.
So it's going to happen in the background.
And now I hear Ron the exec smart brain Bash and look at that.
I'm in the back of our container.
Very cool.
And there's tons more commands that you can use.
They have great documentation online.
I recommend you check them out.
But you've covered that significant want that you're really going to use in your day today.
I'll see you in the next one.
But by.